hey guys what's up Chris here for beer
geek nation com and today we are looking
at the latest anniversary anniversary
release from Stone Brewing their 19th
anniversary this is their thunderstruck
I PA coming at eight point seven percent
alcohol by volume they are using all
Australian hops as well as Australian
months I guess stone has been dabbling
with Australian hops and various test
batches and I'm probably assuming some
of their enjoy x series so they said hey
let's all commit to it at this point I
guess they really like the hop varieties
ton of great hops coming out of
Australia right now so looking forward
to this one if you guys are unfortunate
and can't get stoned locally you can
pick this one up a quality liquor store
calm and have it shipped to you so we
get into glass that you guys know what
smells tastes give me the final verdict
on the stone 19th anniversary
thunderstruck IPA I guys the aroma look
thunderstruck Wow massive dankness
oniony garlicky but there's also some
tropical vibe to it a little bit of
pineapple a little bit of mango very
very resinous that's a really really
dang smelling beer I guess the taste
thunderstruck IPA Cheers yeah follows
the aroma perfectly we're at the front
its own massive slap of bitterness
immediately followed by these big
resinous dank flavors oniony garlicky
very resinous piney in there as well
very very very dry West Coast kind of
pine eNOS but there's all this also this
underlying tropical kind of sweet vibe
that you get from a lot of Australian
hobbs pineapple mango blending with that
big bitterness that big dank resinous
it's just a really interesting beer it's
kind of both sides of the spectrum and
they collide to form a really cohesive
beer super drying the finish lingering
kind of bitter bitterness in the back
there as well again a lingering kind of
tropical fruit big resinous characters
kind of hanging out in the back as well
I'm going to say it reminds me a lot of
a really great batch of enjoy by a
little bit more bitter and not quite as
tropical but just as
ain't and resinous and its really really
nice stuff all right guys the final
verdict some thunderstruck IPA stone
19th anniversary available now I can
pick out up at quality liquor store calm
eight point seven percent alcohol by why
I'm guys going to give this one an a
it's just a classic stone imperial IPA
I'm going to put this out there if you
like they're in Jones enjoy spy series
you should definitely check this one out
it has a lot of similar threads a little
bit more bitter a little bit more dank
and resinous maybe a little bit less
tropical and more kind of a West Coast
vibe to it but it's fantastic and really
just a perfect showcase of the hops that
are coming out of Australia right now
they're just down and blowing up the
craft beer world awesome stuff another
great beer from Stone Brewing getting an
A for me remember folks likes you short
term amazing burgers Cheers